Are you going too far?
Why are you not convinced?
No, no, no, no.
Zhengwei West Road
It's our fault.
We are also here for the alluring feast
The priority now is to call that kid out first
Otherwise, let him be here
Not a thing
Are you right?
Hahaha
Run a circle, red dog
God, I will naturally teach
But you offended the Bai family.
The Qing army will never forgive you
The so-called Three Great Families of Southern Province
I was actually bankrupted by this bastard
Now he's going to use us as guns
That's kind of interesting.
Now to your three major families
Two choices.
Or leave now
Or just kneel in the corner
Take a good look at our 100 ethnic groups
How to do things
You don't choose
Then wait until Junjun arrives
Beat you to death
It's hard to run now
Don't listen to despair before Jiu Ye comes 8
Shut up and cause me so much trouble
Evening breeze
Hmph, isn't it good if it looks like this?
Did you see it, kid?
This is what happens when you offend us Dai people.
And you are openly obsessed
Open the gift we have prepared for you.
What is your crime?